Small fixes and additions to the security best practices (#715)
magento/merchdocs: src/magento/magento-security-best-practices.md

### Server environment

> - Make sure that the server operating system is secure. Work with your hosting provider to ensure that there is no unnecessary software running on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that the server operating system is secure. Work with your hosting provider to ensure that there is no unnecessary software running on the server.
```
```suggestion
- Make sure that the server operating system is secure. Work with your hosting provider to ensure that there is no unnecessary software running on the server.
```
```suggestion
- Make sure that the server operating system is secure. Work with your hosting provider to ensure that no unnecessary software is running on the server.
```

- Use only secure communications protocol (SSH/SFTP/HTTPS) to manage files, and disable FTP.
- Magento includes `.htaccess` files to protect system files when using the Apache web server. If you use a different web server such as NGINX, make sure that all system files and directories are protected. For a sample NGINX configuration, see [magento-nginx.conf](https://gist.github.com/gwillem/cd5ae6845fa33aa0d481){:target="\_blank"} on GitHub.

> - Use strong and unique passwords, and change them periodically. Strong means: computer generated and a minimum of 8 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use strong and unique passwords with a minimum of eight characters, and change them periodically.  
```

> - Use [strong](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32040?hl=en), unique passwords with a minimum of eight characters, and change them periodically.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [strong](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32040?hl=en), unique passwords with a minimum of eight characters, and change them periodically.
```

Reviewer: Removed trailing spaces

- Keep the system up to date, and immediately install patches when new security issues are discovered.
- Closely monitor any issues that are reported for software components used by your Magento installation, including the operating system, MySQL database, PHP, Redis (if used), Apache or NGINX, Memcached, Solr, and any other components in your specific configuration.
- Limit access to `cron.php` file to only required users. For example, restrict access by IP address. If possible, block access completely and execute the command using the system cron scheduler.

### Advanced techniques

- Automate the deployment process, if possible, and use private keys for data transfer.

> - Limit access to the Magento Admin by updating the allow list with the IP address of each computer that is authorized to use the Admin and Magento Connect downloader. For examples of how to add IP addresses to the allow list, see [Secure Your Magento Admin](https://www.sonassi.com/knowledge-base/magento-kb/secure-your-magento-admin/){:target="\_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limit access to the Magento Admin by updating the allow list with the IP address of each computer that is authorized to use the Admin. For examples of how to add IP addresses to the allow list, see [Secure Your Magento Admin](https://www.sonassi.com/knowledge-base/magento-kb/secure-your-magento-admin/){:target="\_blank"}.
```

Reviewer: The Magento Connect downloader is no longer used.

> - Do not install extensions directly on a production server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not install extensions directly on a production server.
```

Reviewer: Removed trailing space.

> - Do not install extensions directly on a production server. To disable the Magento Connect downloader on the production site, either remove or block access to the `/downloader` directory. You can also use the same methods to [allow access](https://www.sonassi.com/knowledge-base/magento-kb/secure-your-magento-admin/){:target="\_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not install extensions directly on a production server. 
```

Reviewer: The Magento Connect downloader is no longer available.

> - Use two-factor authorization for Admin logins, which is included by default in Magento 2.4. For older releases, there are several extensions available that provide additional security by requiring an additional passcode that is generated on your phone, or a token from a special device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use two-factor authorization for Admin logins, as required by Magento 2.4.x. For older releases, there are several extensions available that provide additional security and require a one-time passcode that is generated on your phone, or a token from a special device.
```

> - Review your server for “development leftovers.” Make sure there are no accessible log files, publicly visible .git directories, tunnels to execute SQL, database dumps, backup archives, `phpinfo` files, or any other unprotected files that are not required, and that might be used in an attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review your server for “development leftovers.” Make sure there are no accessible log files, publicly visible .git directories, tunnels to execute SQL, database dumps, backup archives, `phpinfo` files, or any other unprotected files that are not required and might be used in an attack.
```

- Limit outgoing connections to only those that are required, such as for a payment integration.
- Use a Web Application Firewall to analyze traffic and discover suspicious patterns, such as credit card information being sent to an attacker.

### Server applications

- Make sure that all applications running on the server are secure. Keep all software up to date, and apply patches as recommended.
- Avoid running other software on the same server as Magento, especially if it is accessible from the Internet. Vulnerabilities in blog applications such as Wordpress can expose private information from Magento. Install such software on a separate server or virtual machine.

> - Do not install web-based database managers (such as PHPmyAdmin or Adminer) on your production server, as they can be used as backdoor by attackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not install third-party web-based database managers on your production server, as they can provide backdoor access to attackers.
```

- Use a unique, [custom Admin URL]({% link stores/store-urls-custom-admin.md %}) instead of the default “admin” or the often-used “backend”. Although it will not directly protect your site from a determined attacker, it can reduce exposure to scripts that try to break into every Magento site. (Never leave your valuables in plain sight.)
  {:.bs-callout-info}
  Check with your hosting provider before implementing a custom Admin URL. Some hosting providers require a standard URL to meet firewall protection rules.
- Block access to any development, staging, or testing systems. Use IP [allow lists](https://www.sonassi.com/knowledge-base/magento-kb/secure-your-magento-admin/) and `.htaccess` password protection. When compromised, such systems can produce a data leak or be used to attack the production system.
- Use the correct file permissions. Core Magento and directory files should be set to ready only, including `app/etc/local.xml` files.

> - Use a strong password for the Magento Admin. To learn more, see [Creating a strong password](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32040?hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a [strong](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32040?hl=en) password for the Magento Admin.
```

### Security review

> - Run a server-side [Magento malware and vulnerability monitor][12] to quickly alert you of security issues with your files, database, admin accounts and third party components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a server-side [Magento malware and vulnerability monitor][12] to quickly alert you of security issues with your files, database, admin accounts, and third party components.
```
